Does she know that you're being so lame?
Lame? What are you talking about?
Wait.
You must be really into her.
He seems so desperate.
Stop it.
Let's talk about something else.
Anyhow, that means
nothing is for certain yet.
Aren't I right?
Well,
not just yet...
Why are you hiccupping?
Are you drunk already?
No, I'm not.
That's weird.
Cheers, everyone.
- Cheers. Nice to meet you.
- Cheers.
Are hiccups contagious too?
You said you live in Mok-dong, right?
I live in Hwagok-dong. I'll drop you off.
Oh, you don't have to.
Don't worry, it's a short detour.
Good for you.
You should ask him for a ride today.
I left my bag at the office.
So did I.
You're going home, not to school.
What do you need a bag for?
There's something I need in it.
Do I have to take care of him again?
Where do you live, Ms. Yoon?
I live in Bundang.
You can come with us, then.
We can drop you off after Seung-cheol.
Sure.
Oh, I forgot.
There's something my sister told me
to give you in my car.
Oh, that.
I was wondering when I could get it
since I don't visit the office often.
- You should take it right now.
- I should.
Right.
Let's get going.
Oh, gosh.
Why did you hold my hand?
Because it was there.
Why? Did you not like it?
It's not that.
You held my hand too.
Why did you hold it first?
I wanted to hold it first.
That would've taken forever.
You have no idea how important
timing is in a relationship.
Are we in a relationship now?
I'm just saying.
Why do you always point things out?
It's like you enjoy putting me
on the spot.
You put me on the spot first.
I became a moron
who can't even make the first move.
I didn't have the heart
to say that myself.
I'm glad you said it yourself.
Where do you want to go?
Should we go get some coffee?
There's an expert
standing in front of you.
That's true.
Let's head over to the office.
But there might be some people
working late.
Not in my office. Let's go.
Okay.
I have work left to do.
I'm here for something else.
I see. Have a good one.
- You too.
- Thank you.
Bye.
Like this? No.
Wait, I need...
I'm here, my friend.
Why are you...
Hey, what are you doing here?
Why are you here?
I'm here for my bag just like you are.
Why did you leave it here?
To be honest,
I figured you might be lonely.
No, get up. Get up and go home.
Why? Do you need to do something?
Do your thing.
- Just wake me up when you go home.
- Gosh.
Wait.
Hey, didn't you hear something?
No, I didn't. It's nothing.
- You little...
- Wait.
My gosh.
Hey.
- Who is that woman you were talking about?
- What?
Who in the world could make you feel
so small and desperate?
What was her name?
Right, So-jeong.
Do you like her more than So-jeong?
What are you talking about? Gosh.
You're being weird, dude.
Stop pretending like you don't know.
Back when you were in the army,
were you or were you not
head over heels for that girl, So-jeong?
You should go.
But I have to admit
that So-jeong was really pretty.
Please, shut up.
Hey, don't you smell coffee?
You must be wasted.
I can't smell coffee.
Wait. The security system.
Just leave it...
It's turned off.
There we go.
Sir, just a moment. Hey, get over here.
Come on.
Let's go.
Let's get you home.
Why aren't you coming?
Get in first.
I told you I need to go somewhere
with my sister.
- You did?
- Yes.
Don't tell me
you're just making me leave
so that you can save money on a taxi.
Take this and leave.
- Here. You can go now, sir.
- Okay.
- Bye.
- Love you, man.
I love you, too. Go.
Go on.
Why didn't you pick up? I was worried.
- Jun-hui.
- Yes?
I'm so scared. When are you coming?
Count to one hundred. No, ten.
I'll be right there.
He's so fast.
Jin-a!
She's not here.
Jin-a.
Where did she go?
Jin-a!
My gosh, seriously?
Gosh, you're so annoying.
I was just playing around.
Why are you so sullen?
I'm not sullen.
Yes, you are.
No coffee for you.
I don't want it.
Fine, then.
Oh, I might eat lunch
with Seung-cheol tomorrow.
Do you want to join?
Why would you eat with him?
To find more about So-jeong.
It... It was nothing serious.
I said, stay seated.
It's really nothing.
I guess you're different
because you are an art major.
You were being so dramatic
over a casual relationship.
How sensitive of you.
Everyone has a past of their own.
And plus,
you're the one who told me
that people become crazy
when they're in love.
You said passion is necessary.
Without it, you said
it would be disrespectful to the other.
Did you say that or not?
You memorized what I told you
word-for-word.
Of course. I'm a sensitive guy.
Come here. I'll show you something.
What?
Hey.
Did you get home already?
"Already"?
I got home a while ago
and washed up to call you.
Look. I got changed.
I think beer definitely tastes better
right after you get out of the shower.
You should have woken me up.
You always wake up to the alarm.
I thought you were going
to work late today.
I'll borrow your car.
Drive safely.
Did she forget to set the alarm
before going to bed?
It sounded like she was on the phone
until late at night.
With whom? Do you think it was a guy?
Who knows?
Don't pry. Just leave her alone.
Are we having injeolmi for breakfast?
Why can't we have soup?
Did you drink again without telling me?
No.
I highly doubt that.
You're half responsible
for Jin-a and Gyu-min drifting apart.
What? Am I wrong?
We may not be as well off as the in-laws.
But we should've proven ourselves
to some extent
so that they wouldn't think
Jin-a is not good enough for him.
Was I unemployed all along?
I had worked for more than 30 years.
Isn't that what all fathers do?
The father has to have a decent job
for the children to have confidence
to do anything.
Think about how you spend your days
these days.
Gosh.
Gosh, I'm so sick of this.
Hi.
Me?
I'm leaving now. Why?
You're almost here?
I see. No, I'm still home.
I'm just heading downstairs.
Okay, great.
You should have called first.
What if we missed each other?
Your phone was turned off,
so I couldn't call you.
It was out of battery.
Right.
Anyway, did you just come down
from your house?
Of course.
What's so funny...
Were you watching all along?
Not from the beginning.
After I hung up, I happened to...
You were great at backing your car.
Were you that eager to see me?
- Just unlock the door.
- It's already unlocked.
How can you be so cute?
Quit it.
Will I be able to see that again
if I pick you up every day?
I said, quit it.
Why? You looked so cute, you know.
Really?
Did you believe that?
Let go.
I'll never let go.
It took me ages to hold your hand.
Anyhow,
do you think it'll be okay?
It has to be.
Aren't you scared?
We are not committing a crime.
Don't worry about anything right now.
We can settle it when something happens.
You're pretty reliable.
You are so into me.
Mr. Kong. About the Dangjin store...
Do it properly.
Don't worry, sir.
We'll make sure to do a good job.
Take your seats for a moment.
Concerning the new store in Dangjin...
The CEO of the mall
as well as the owner of the new store
are Mr. Nam's relatives.
That means they are related to
Mr. Jo as well.
They should feel like
we are paying extra attention to it.
So I'll oversee that place.
I'M NOT GOING THERE!
And I'd like to take
one of our supervisors with me.
I'll be supervising fewer stores
starting next week, so--
If that's the case, you can manage
other stores in your spare time.
Yes, sir.
You should think of it
as a good opportunity.
You should be more open to challenges.
Talk it over and decide.
Ye-eun, bring me the result.
- Yes, sir.
- Dong-u.
Oh, yes, sir.
I have to sit this one out.
I'm never going there.
Well, neither am I.
What do they expect me to do?
Well, does anyone have
spare time next week?
I don't, but I'm not going even if I do.
Especially with Mr. Kong? Never.
Are you kidding me?
You think you can just sit out like that?
We have to discuss it first.
Is that how you initiate a discussion?
Who the hell do you--
You understood quickly since you're smart.
Who the hell do you think you are
to say you're not going?
I hate it so much that I can resign.
That's why I'm not going.
Oh, my. Is that a threat?
There's no need for you two to fight.
I have to go anyway
since I'm the youngest.
I told you not to be submissive
like Jin-a.
I'm not trying to protect you.
It's because people around you
will be denounced as irresponsible.
I'm sorry. Then I'll be honest.
I really don't want to go with Mr. Kong.
It's awful.
Long time no see.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Here comes the lucky person.
What? Why am I the lucky person?
Ms. Yoon.
BUSINESS TRIP TO DANGJIN
"Business trip to Dangjin."
I know you're all busy
for having to oversee my stores.
I would go if I didn't have to work
at the Gasan store.
- But I don't want to burden anyone.
- No.
You're not burdening anyone.
Overseeing one more store
for a day isn't a big deal.
Don't you agree, Ye-eun?
Well, yes.
Really? Then one of you can take my place
for a day, and I'll go.
You just said you'll go.
- It's settled now.
- Okay, I'll go.
Then I'll take your place
at the Gasan store.
Thank you.
- I'm going to go now.
- Okay.
I have a meeting. Good luck, Jin-a.
We'll cover for you.
I'm sorry.
I really shouldn't do this to you.
Why are you sorry?
The business trip to Dangjin
is for two days.
And you need to go with Mr. Kong.
- What?
- I'm sorry.
A business trip? To where? Can I come too?
Of course not.
Plus, I'll be gone for two days.
That's nice.
I mean, we can go sightseeing
once you're done with work.
It'll be nice.
I must be out of my mind.
Why did I put myself through this...
I guess you're not going alone.
Are you going with a guy?
Your company is unbelievable.
How could they send you with a guy?
Who's the guy? How old is he?
That's not the problem.
The problem is that he's really annoying.
Are you talking about the pervert?
That guy who touched female employees...
No, don't go.
I don't want to go either.
But I volunteered to go.
I didn't know I'd have to go with him.
No one told me.
I was planning to go with you...
So, you were planning to go with me.
Yes, I was.
But what's the point?
It's not going to happen anyway.
Why do you say that?
We can still go together.
Did you think I'd let you go alone
with that crazy pervert?
What about work?
It's hard for you to take a day off.
If they don't let me take a day off,
I'll just quit.
You're crazy.
I am crazy for someone.
Later today,
I'm going to visit Gyeong-seon
after I drop by a store.
We haven't been meeting that often.
I think she's upset.
She's not upset. She's lovesick.
Okay, I'll be there too.
You too?
Don't you think it'll be awkward
for us to be together around her?
We can enjoy the thrill.
Let's see who can put on a better act.
My gosh, that's absurd.
Do you still have a lot to do?
You can go home first. I need to talk
to the delivery man on the phone.
That won't take long.
You worked hard all day
because I wasn't here.
Don't drink.
Go home early, and get some rest.
- And don't be late tomorrow. Go on.
- Fine.
I'm too scared of you to be tardy.
- I'll see you tomorrow then.
- Okay, bye.
Did you leave something...
How did you know I was here?
Can I have a cup of coffee first?
I'll pay.
You didn't tell me you were coming.
I didn't know you'd come.
Do I need to call?
You're always here anyway.
Were you about to leave?
No, Jin-a said she'd come,
but I can't reach her.
What do you mean?
I thought it was because she's not allowed
to use her phone during work,
but it's way past closing hours now.
She's not picking up nor reading my texts.
Well...
Jin-a, I want to get back together--
No. I told you that I don't want to.
What's wrong with you?
How long are you going to keep this up?
Until you come back to me.
Listen to me carefully.
You're not doing this because you love me
or have lingering feelings for me.
You are so used to having things your way,
and it's your first time being rejected,
so you're just confused.
You're being stubborn and obstinate.
So what if that's true?
What matters is that I want you back.
That mindset of yours
is already a problem.
I'm not something you can have
when you feel like it.
Don't put on airs.
What's the matter with you?
You graduated from a good school,
and your family's rich.
I'm really sick of this.
Let's not do this anymore.
Please go. I need to close the store.
What's wrong with you?
Oh, gosh.
What the...
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Do you think this will change anything?
Are you trying to show your dominance?
Guys who abuse their strength
are the worst kind ever.
No, nothing's wrong.
I just haven't heard from her today.
You know how close we are.
Okay.
I'm sure she'll call later.
I'll visit you soon, Ms. Kim.
I'm out of kimchi.
Yes.
Yes. Okay, good night.
Bye.
She is not even home. What's going on?
This is driving me crazy.
I didn't know you could be so mean.
This is nothing.
I'm going to report you for sexual assault
if you don't leave now.
I'll just do it right now.
It'd be funny to see our parents
meet each other at a police station.
You just wait.
Jin-a.
What's all this mess?
What happened here?
- It's nothing.
- What is this?
Who did this? Tell me.
I'm fine.
Here you go.
Oh, thank you.
How can I just leave him be?
How can you say that after what happened?
How do you expect me
to forgive that lunatic?
I don't want to provoke him
and make things worse.
Maybe you're scared.
What are you talking about?
Why are you scared
of a piece of trash like him?
Do you think he's going to stop?
Not at all.
Stay outside.
Don't make things worse.
Just stay outside.
Hey.
Why didn't you call?
You should've called me or the police.
Or even Jun-hui.
Why did you deal with him alone?
I thought he'd leave
if I talked some sense into him.
When has he ever listened to you?
You're always the one being hurt,
and you never know how to fight back.
Being nice isn't something to be proud of.
It's rather a flaw, you idiot!
Don't add on to this.
You're making me upset.
You have no right to cry.
Don't cry.
I know I was a bit harsh on you,
but I didn't mean it.
I know that much.
You should go inside.
Gyeong-seon will be looking for you.
She told me to get lost
and go outside for a walk.
She said she'll clean up.
Are you mad?
I can't do anything about it,
and I shouldn't.
It's only natural that I am mad.
I'm sorry.
What did you do wrong?
You know what I mean.
I made you worry.
I didn't get a chance to call you.
I...
wished that you were with me.
It's just a small scratch.
It doesn't hurt at all.
It hurts me.
I'll never leave you alone from now on.
You should go.
Call me right away if something comes up.
I will.
- Bye.
- Bye
- Bye. Good night.
- Good night.
Do you want to drink?
Should we go to your place?
I'm tired. I want to sleep. Bye.
Is there a bigger one?
You always used this.
I'm not going alone this time.
I'm going with my boss.
It's okay. This will do.
What?
You said you're going on a business trip,
but you've dolled yourself up
with makeup and a nice outfit.
What do you mean?
I put on anything I could find.
Bye.
Be careful.
Okay.
I thought she was going
on a business trip.
Do you think she's being strange as well?
I think she's seeing someone.
Don't you think so?
She has been dressing up lately.
Then I guess she is seeing someone.
I wonder who she's seeing.
Maybe it's Gyu-min.
I knew it. She should never let him go.
You're unbelievable.
He's a scumbag who cheated on Jin-a.
You should be against
them getting back together.
- Aren't you worried about your daughter?
- I was just saying.
My gosh.
Let's get going.
Giddy up!
I'm sure you used to live
in the Joseon Dynasty.
How dare you!
Forgive me, ma'am.
Ms. Jeong.
Did he have to approve something?
It's not that. He wanted to check
on last year's promotional expenses.
Why all of a sudden?
He always checks it
around this time of year.
He hates spending money
on unnecessary things.
That's...
That goes for everyone.
Everyone should think of ways
to cut costs.
I'll think of ways too, sir.
The location of the new store
in Dangjin Shopping Mall
is really great.
The CEO of the mall
and the store owner are my relatives.
So they said they'll work extra harder.
They told me not to worry, sir.
They're getting all the benefits
just because they know someone.
So they'd better do a good job.
We should come up with a way to cut costs.
How about
we train the owners on how to cut costs
on consumable supplies?
I heard Jin-a went on a business trip.
Yes, she did. She went with Mr. Kong.
How lazy are the others
for her to step up and go?
What we need to cut down on
isn't consumables.
It's our employees
who just sit there and do nothing.
- Hello.
Where's your partner?
Oh, Jun-hui? He took the day off
because something came up with his family.
What happened?
I'm not sure.
You seem very curious.
No, I'm not. You guys are always together,
so I just thought you looked
lonely today without him.
This is why I shouldn't spend
too much time with guys.
- I should find a nice girl soon--
- I wish you all the best.
- See you around.
- See you.
Have a good day.
How dare he.
Aren't you interested in Mr. Seo...
Do you think he's out of my league?
No, that's the opposite of what I think.
He looks like a total womanizer.
He seems interested in you.
You think so?
Well, I don't care
even if he's a womanizer.
I can tame him.
Can you stop staring at me like that?
Like how?
You look like a jobless husband
watching his wife getting ready for work.
That sounds pretty nice.
Oops.
You need your shoes.
Thank you.
What are you going to do?
I'll stay right here.
Don't bother me when I work
like you did the other day.
Why don't you do something?
There are many places to see around here.
Doing that alone is no fun.
My absence is too noticeable, isn't it?
Get out.
You never joke with me.
See you later.
Take it easy.
Okay.
Wait just a little while.
What?
What did you say? What?
I said you look pretty!
- Are you crazy? Be quiet.
- What?
- Hello.
It must've been tiring
to drive all the way here.
Well, why did you insist on coming
separately if you were worried about that?
My dad had to be in the area,
so he gave me a ride.
Do a meticulous job, okay?
Mr. Nam's relative is the owner here.
I always follow the protocol.
I'm saying you need to pay
extra attention.
Where are you going, sir?
To say hello
to the CEO of the shopping mall.
The CEO is also Mr. Nam's relative.
He obviously sent me here
so that I can build
a business relationship with them.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Here's the schedule
for the orientation session.
Why do you have to gather
all store owners in the country?
That way, you can be acquainted
with each other and exchange information.
You've been to one already.
I know what always happens.
People drink until they drop
and sleep in the next day.
It's a sure way to bond, I guess.
By the way, is something going on
with your family?
My family? No. Why do you ask?
It seems like you really don't want to go,
so I was just wondering
if something came up with your family.
I'm just whining because it feels
like a hassle. My family is fine.
Jin-a said she was going away for work.
Yes, that's right.
Mi-yeon.
Goodness, you're definitely addicted.
Why do you have to exercise twice a day?
My goodness.
It's still not enough.
You should also start exercising
before it gets too late.
I'm just going to
keep on living like this.
I saw Jin-a this morning.
Her boyfriend was driving her to work.
Boyfriend? Where did you see her?
In the parking lot. She was in his car.
She went on a business trip with her boss.
What? But that guy looked very young.
Things are different nowadays, you know.
Even the executives are young.
I see. He was very handsome too.
That's why I just assumed
that he'd be her boyfriend.
Gosh.
I should also buy some fruits
on the way home from my exercise.
- Bye.
- All right.
Are we good to go?
Yes, sir. There are a few things
that need to be fixed,
but I can call
the interior design firm about them.
We'll just have to check
the ingredients tomorrow.
All right. Well...
The CEO and the store owner
would like to have a meal with us,
so just wrap it up.
Well, my stomach is upset.
- I should go back to the hotel--
- What are you talking about?
- I can't digest what I ate earlier--
- Let's go.
I made a reservation
at the best restaurant in the area.
We can just go for noodles.
You really didn't have to do that.
I'm very sorry. My stomach is upset
from what I ate in the morning.
I'll come in early tomorrow
and finish everything.
Thank you for everything today.
Oh, well...
Her stomach is upset.
I'm sorry. Just a moment, please.
Wait, Ms. Yoon!
What the heck are you doing now?
You can't back out like this.
What do you mean, sir?
Come on, you're not usually like this.
You never say no to these things.
"These things"?
What exactly are you referring to?
You know what I'm talking about.
We can eat together
and have a drink as well.
- Then--
- Then play the tambourine at a karaoke bar
and put up with you touching me
inappropriately?
I'm done with those things.
I just can't put up with them anymore.
I'm off, sir.
What's with her?
My gosh!
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Why do you look so surprised?
Why are you here?
I was on the way to the store
because you were taking too long.
Oh, I had things to finish off.
I'm sorry. I kept you waiting too long.
You must be hungry. I'm starving now.
Let's go for some good food, okay?
Just tell me that I dealt with it well.
You handled it well.
Thanks.
I still find it hard to believe...
that we're together like this.
To tell you the truth,
I'm a little worried.
I keep asking myself
if we can really do this.
We can.
I told you.
We can get through it together.
What if...
I regret holding your hand that day
sometime in the future?
Then I'll get so mad at you.
I'll be good to you
so that you'll never regret your decision.
Can I trust you on that?
Yes, you can.
What if I regret?
Then it is what it is.
I know I'll be good to you
because I've regretted so much.
That's why you can trust me.
What did you regret?
Not confessing my feelings to you first
and not holding your hand first.
It's cold.
You should've dressed for the weather
like I did.
Wouldn't most guys offer their jackets
to a lady in this situation?
But I'm cold too.
You're such a jerk.
You fit right in my arms.
You're teasing me again
for being tiny, right?
You can't blame me for this one, okay?
What?
Good morning. I'll call you after work.
From the woman in the drawing.
Don't mind me.
I told you that I stopped by
for just a cup of coffee.
The peak hours are over.
Are things at this store going to change?
I guess there will be changes
if that's necessary.
I mean, we all change when we need to.
Did Ms. Yoon go on that business trip
with a plan to revolt?
Mr. Kong wants to teach her a lesson.
- Why?
- I spoke with him on the phone
- because of a contract for a new store,
- Yes?
and he went on about how she did things
on her own without consulting him.
I would've ditched him too.
But we're talking about Yoon Jin-a here.
I guess she needed a change.
I'm fine. You must be tired
from all the driving.
See? I told you that we should take turns.
I'm a great driver.
Next time?
Are you planning on another getaway?
I'll call you later.
Who was that?
It was Bo-ra. She looked after
the store while I was gone.
How old is the boss
you went on a business trip with?
I'm not sure. I guess he is in his 40s.
Is he handsome?
What?
The woman who lives in Unit 704
said that he's very handsome.
She saw you in his car.
She must have gotten a glimpse of him
as we were driving.
She said that she saw you
with a young, good-looking guy.
Anyway, you should always
watch your behavior.
Otherwise, you'll be the talk of the town.
I didn't even do anything.
Why are you scolding me for nothing?
You and that temper. I was just saying.
Get out.
Gyeong-seon will bring Jun-hui tomorrow.
Why?
What do you think?
Seung-ho is coming home,
so it'd be nice for all of us
to gather for a barbecue.
Besides, we haven't had a chance to invite
Jun-hui for a meal since he got back.
So what? Gyeong-seon takes
great care of him anyway.
She's doing her best as his sister.
They lost their parents
at such young ages,
so we're used to them being
on their own, but I feel so bad for them.
Why do you feel bad for them?
Both of them are doing fine.
You're so clueless.
You think they're doing fine?
Just having a job
doesn't mean that you're doing fine.
Even if that's the case,
it's just the two of them.
Think about when they'll get married.
Let's be honest.
No family will welcome them.
You're being so mean right now.
I'm just telling you the truth.
Just wait and see.
You'll learn that it's true.
This world isn't an easy place.
- Mom.
- Yes?
Don't talk about Gyu-min
in front of them tomorrow.
Don't bring up anything useless, okay?
I guess you do have shame, after all.
You won't, right?
- Whatever.
- Don't talk about him, okay?
Yes,
I just heard about it from Gyeong-seon.
What are you worried about?
I told you that we have to break taboos.
I'm not joking right now.
I told you not to worry ahead.
We'll worry about it when we need to.
A mistake? I won't make any mistake.
- How do you know the passcode?
- What?
I saw Seung-ho punching in the passcode
a few times when I was with him.
Why were you watching him
when he was doing that?
That's rude.
- Let me pour you a glass.
- Thanks.
Mr. Yoon, come join us!
Give me that.
- Let me pour you one, sir.
- All right.
You're so sweet.
Oh, my. It's been a while
since the entire family
gathered like this.
Let's clink our glasses before we drink.
- Cheers.
- Thank you for the food.
- Here, Jun-hui.
Try to relax.
Why? Am I being awkward?
Yes, those who are quick-witted
would sense it right away.
Really? What should I do?
Just smile. You usually smile a lot.
And you have such a pretty smile.
I thought all parents
would be like the two of you.
I definitely thought our dad
would be like you.
How could he leave us for another woman
in less than half a year after Mom died?
How could he leave me and Jun-hui behind?
I can't believe
he abandoned his own children.
Why are you bringing that up again?
You have no idea how devastated
and sad I was back then.
We had nobody in the whole wide world.
To be honest,
I just wanted to die.
Don't say things like that.
You have a family right here.
Why are you saying that you have nobody?
He's right.
Hearing that hurts my feelings.
Both of us have always thought
of you and Jun-hui as our own children.
I know. Of course, I know that.
You can call me an ungrateful bitch
if I ever forget about that.
Stop drinking.
We already have to put up with her.
You little...
You ladies are so old now.
This happens every time you drink.
Hey.
I do admit some part of that.
But there's nothing wrong with Jin-a.
Do you even know how many guys
were crazy for her?
Sure.
I'm keeping it all to myself now,
but if I tell you
about her dating history,
all of you will be so surprised.
She's drunk. She talks nonsense
every time she gets drunk.
- Gosh, you.
- No, I'm not drunk.
- Hey.
- Shall I tell them all about it?
- I'll--
- You need to stop drinking.
- You see, Lee Gyu-min--
- Hey.
What is wrong with you?
- Stop it.
- What's going on?
Is Jin-a still seeing that jerk?
No, I'm not.
Hey, do you know something?
No, I don't know anything.
I just wanted to stop her.
You must know something.
Just be quiet, will you?
Hang on. Jin-a, what is going on?
You told me not to even bring up
Gyu-min's name. Something's up, right?
That's great news!
The two of you shouldn't have
broken up so abruptly like that.
Mom, please.
Hey, come on. They're our family.
It's nothing to be embarrassed about.
All couples break up and get back together
multiple times.
- Aren't I right?
- No. I'm telling you we are not together.
I'll never get back together with him.
Then why were you so head over heels
for him?
You little... Watch your mouth.
You're so rude to me.
Don't hit him on the head.
He needs to study!
Study, my ass. He needs to become
a decent person first.
Jin-a is right about that.
Being a good person is way more important
than getting a PhD.
I don't care about anything else.
Before anything else,
one should be considerate of others.
If Jin-a brings a guy like that,
I'll approve of him in a heartbeat.
Agreed.
Hey, what's going on
with that 35-year-old lady?
Why are you so interested in me
these days?
I'm not really interested.
I'm just asking because you looked
so upset the last time.
I wasn't upset.
Many guys date older women these days.
Who knows? You may become one of them.
I'm not like you.
I don't like older women.
- Hello?
- You called for a driver, right?
Oh, yes. It's further in.
- Okay, I'll be there shortly.
- Thank you.
The driver is here.
- All right.
- Go back in. He's almost here.
Okay. Well...
Get home safely and call me.
Let me know
if Gyeong-seon got home safely.
Okay, I will. Bye.
- Okay.
- Bye.
It's chilly today, right?
What's that talk about Gyu-min?
It's nothing.
We got in a hassle when he came again,
and they found out.
- What?
- From now on, call me when something's up.
You don't even live close by.
You are always busy studying.
And it won't happen again.
We settled everything.
There's no guarantee
that he will not bother you again.
Pull yourself together.
You'd better not cause another scene.
Hold on.
- Be careful.
- Gosh.
You switched off the cellular data.
- What data?
- Turn it on.
- It is on.
- No.
Enable cellular data.
You're an expert.
- Does this not work if there's no Wi-Fi?
- It should work now.
Hey, it's not working.
- Then try this.
- This one?
- It's working now. You're a genius.
- There you go.
Yes, it's me.
I have to go back inside now.
- What are you doing tomorrow?
- Tomorrow?
It's my day off, so I'll sleep in.
I don't have other plans. Why?
Is there something you want to do?
Well, not exactly.
I think there is.
What is it? Tell me.
Tomorrow,
Gyeong-seon is leaving
for an orientation session for two days.
Do you want to come over?
Right here is fine.
Thank you.
- Have a nice day.
- You too.
You came.
You told me to.
That's very unlike "Ms. Tambourine."
She's like a different person.
It's unreal
that such a pretty lady
is right in front of me.
Are you crazy? We're at work.
- Jin-a.
- You want me to make sure that pervert
won't be able to set foot in the office?
I think he's dating someone in secret.
Have you not noticed
something different about him?
Are you crazy?
- Can't you stay here tonight?
- Oh, gosh.
Why didn't you pick up the phone all day?
You were out of touch.
How can I ruin this asshole?
I'll make sure
you never have to hide again.
I promise.
Subtitle translation by Choi Hyeon-ju